let's draw a hexagon a polygon
of 7 sides
inscribed in a circle for it
The first thing we will do is draw two
perpendicular diameters
we are dealing with the horizontal diameter
and perpendicular to this we will trace
410 meters
now with the measurement of the radius
and clicking on one of the ends of the
horizontal diameter
we will draw a bow that will help us
find the half bar of the radius
we have two cut points with the
initial circumference we join the two
cutting points
and we have the half-triangle of the radius that
gives us
a cutoff point like the radius if
we take from that measure
from the cutoff point with the radius
until
until the arch with which we have cut
the circumference
we have the measure on the side of
rectangle the measure we were
searching
with that measure we will draw arcs that
cut the circumference
and we will divide
the circumference of seven parts
same
once this is done we will only have
that go joining those cut points of
the arcs with the circumference for
have the hexagon inscribed in the
circumference